hi everyone so this video is going to be
about my favorite body care products now
I know that it's kind of one of those
subjects where some people find it
really fascinating some people find it
really boring and I personally love body
care products I love kind of the whole
ritual of doing it and not a day goes by
where I don't use some form of kind of
you know moisturizer all that kind of
thing so I'm just going to kind of get
into it I've got loads of different
categories the first one is kind of body
buses or really rich body cream and this
is the body shop Brazil nuts body butter
I love the body shot body butters
they're just the most nourishing thing
and they're incredible the Brazil nut
one's got kind of a looks kind of like a
chocolatey smell I'm not a hundred
percent or if I love is then there's a
couple of other ones i like better i
love the scent of the shear better one
but i'm mexican skin feel like a million
dollars and then dove supreme body silk
BTW body cream i love this one too this
is just what the pot looks like and it's
just a very kind of moisturizing quite
liquid cream but something about it just
makes your skin feel really soft and
really amazing and it's really
inexpensive as well you get 300 mils it
lasts you ages and i love it then in
terms of kind of other I suppose OD care
products I've got two oils that I really
love the first one is the duty summer
fruits oil by these your floor naturals
i think i'm pronouncing it and all this
is got in it is apricot oil cherry oil
and peach foil nearly run out of this
but this is a lovely lovely lovely
product really nourishing and it just
smells like summer in a bottle it's
absolutely amazing and then bio oil and
I was kind of like a weird one to put in
but um I know it's kind of become famous
for use on stretch marks and I do have
really bad stretch month but I feel like
nothing can get rid of existing stretch
marks it can just kind of smooth the
area but it's just so nourishing
I has a shower last night and I used it
and my skin just feels really lovely I'm
hydrated this morning so I love that one
then in the category of kind of morning
moisturizers I know this sounds kind of
weird but I have a shower at night and
wash my hair and then I have a so again
in the morning the morning shower is
just to wake me up really it's not it's
not a proper shower how you know cleanse
and all that kind of thing but I've got
a couple here that I love to use in the
morning and the first one is the Garnier
body tonic hydrating lotion and it's
firming looks like this and this is the
really lovely one because what refresh
sends its kind of like a a really kind
of lemony Zen you sent and the lighting
has just one really weird because I'm in
front of a window and that yeah it's got
really really lovely sense really kind
of semi and lovely and then the next one
I love and this is the Vaseline a low
fresh essential moisture light feeling
body lotion which looks like this and I
love all the Vaseline body lotions I've
used them for years and years I love the
cocoa butter one and i love the oil
version of the cocoa butter 12 but these
are just amazing thinking to your skin
your left feeling moisturised love love
love those and they're really
inexpensive too and then another one I
love in the morning is the good things
soothing body lotion this has got
blueberry & goo goo ji berry goji berry
looks like this and this is a really
kind of fruity lovely scent if you want
something just kind of really nice and
fresh it's a great summer body lotion
because it just smells really free to
your life and it kind of leaves your
skin feeling quite moisturized as well
which is quite surprising then I've got
two products here that body scrubs and
the first one is the good things
soothing exfoliating scrub with kiwi
fruit and papaya and it looks like this
and this is just one of those kind of
not particularly densely packed body
scrubs and I don't like the fact that
the particles in a color they're kind of
like a purple color
I don't like that because I feel like
you can just go everywhere in the shower
and I just don't like that but it does
leave your skin feeling really lovely
and it's got a really lovely fruity
smell I'm going to just remind myself
yeah it smells very very similar to the
body lotion so if you've tried the body
lotion then you'll know that this kind
of smells the same really nice and my
favorite body scrub at the moment is the
soap & Glory pulp friction this is the
foaming body scrub and this is
absolutely amazing it just kind of frost
sup but it's really grainy and it
doesn't even all film it's great for you
fake tan and / took me ages the only
thing I'm not overly keen on is the
sense got a little bit of a kind of
masculine scent to me but I'm willing to
overlook that because it works a treat
then I've got to kind of cellulite
treatment products and I love using
things like this because I have got
really really really bad cellulite and
then I've done a video about cellulite
and all that kind of things i'll link
that in the description box but i like
using the second glory sit tight intense
extra small body firming lotion which
looks like this bodies our body firming
serum stories not nation but it's got
one affairs kind of rollable applicators
and it just works really really well i
use this last night and it really heats
the carrier up and kind of get your
blood moving it really really works your
cellulite looks a lot better for these
this it's a quick fix but you know it
makes me feel better and so I use that a
night and then in the morning I use the
spa fine sculpted silhouette interact
super cellulite cream she looks like
this this works um it's just works by
kind of smoothing out the arrow it's not
the best cellulite treatment that I've
used I do like something it's a little
bit more caffeine enriched because I
find that's what works best on my
cellulite but it's a nice one to use in
the morning because it's not sticky and
it doesn't get more clothes and then
last but not least my favorites kind of
tan product and that goes into body
products as well is the
summer glow body lotion it's just a body
lotion with a hint of self tanner in it
so it just gives you kind of a subtle
glow that's buildable and it's really
easy to use and I like smell a bit it
smells like peaches it's got quite kind
of holiday smell it just I don't know it
just smells like dog to me that's kind
of the classic dove fragrance but I hope
you enjoyed this if you've got any
questions or anything like that then it
popped them in the comments below and
definitely share what your favorite body
products are if there's anything amazing
that haven't heard of yet I'd love to
know about it hope you'll have a great
day I'll see you soon bye